9
Warrior|All warriors share a masterful command of weapons and armor, and an exhaustive knowledge of combat skills. In addition, they are closely associated with death, both dealing it out and staring it down in defiance.
Barbarian|Barbarians are warriors who have been driven mad by battle, and have lost their minds. They are the most brutal of warriors, and the easiest to control. They are the most prone to madness, and at the same time, the most prone to death.
Scout|Far from the bustle of cities and towns, beyond the defenses that keep the farthest farms protected from the terrors of nature, amidst dense roadless forests and across vast, empty plains, the scouts keep their never-ending watch.
Rogues rely on their skills, stealth and the vulnerabilities of their opponents to gain an advantage in any situation. They have a knack for finding the solution to virtually any problem, demonstrating a resourcefulness and versatility that is the cornerstone of any good adventuring party.
Paladin|Whatever their origins and missions, paladins are united by their oaths to fight against the forces of evil. A paladin's oath is a very powerful bond. It is a source of power that turns a devoted warrior into a blessed champion.
Mage|Mages are the supreme practitioners of magic, defined and united as a class by the spells they conjure. Drawing from the subtle ripple of magic that permeates the cosmos, mages cast explosive spells of fire, voltaic arcs, subtle deception and brutal forms of mind control.
Cleric|Clerics are the intermediaries between mortals and the gods. Through their prayers and spells, clerics seek to fulfill the will of the gods and protect believers. Clerics are the only ones who can heal wounds and illnesses, and they are also the only ones who can revive the dead.
Bard|Whether a scholar, a poet or a scoundrel, a bard weaves his magic through his words and music to inspire allies, demoralize enemies, manipulate minds, create illusions and even heal wounds.
Druid|Druids are the guardians of nature and protectors of animals. Druids are the only ones who can talk to animals and the only ones who can transform into animals. Druids are the only ones who can heal wounds and diseases, and they are also the only ones who can revive the dead.