name;description;strengthModifier;constitutionModifier;dexterityModifier;intelligenceModifier;wisdomModifier;charismaModifier
Dragonborn;Born of dragons, as their name proclaims, the dragonborn walk proudly through a world that greets them with fearful incomprehension. Shaped by draconic gods or the dragons themselves, dragonborn originally hatched from dragon eggs as a unique race, combining the best attributes of dragons and humanoids. Some dragonborn are faithful servants to true dragons, others form the ranks of soldiers in great wars, and still others find themselves adrift, with no clear calling in life.;2;0;0;0;0;1
Dwarf;Dwarves are short, stocky humanoids with a penchant for the good things of the world. They are known for their love of stone, craftsmanship, and tradition, and they are the premier miners and craftsmen of the world. Dwarves are also known for their love of ale and mead, and their hardy constitutions make them resistant to poisons and other toxins.;0;0;2;0;0;0
Elf;Elves are a magical people of otherworldly grace, living in the world but not entirely part of it. They live in places of ethereal beauty, in the midst of ancient forests or in silvery spires glittering with faerie light, where soft music drifts through the air and gentle fragrances waft on the breeze. Elves love nature and magic, art and artistry, music and poetry, and the good things of the world.;0;2;0;0;0;0
Gnome;Gnomes are small, quick, and clever, with a penchant for inventing and tinkering. They are also known for their love of good food, drink, and song. Gnomes are most at home in the wilds, where they can indulge their love of nature and the good things of the world. They are also fond of a good practical joke, and they are not above using their inventions to play pranks on others.;0;0;0;2;0;0
Half-Elf;Half-elves combine what some say are the best qualities of their elf and human parents. Their senses tend toward the elf side, but they retain the emotional stability of their human side. Half-elves are more often than not found in the company of humans, for humans’ practicality and common sense are often a good balance for the flightiness and emotionalism of the elf.;0;1;0;0;1;2
Halfling;Halflings are small and often overlooked, but they are a courageous and tenacious folk. They are known for their love of good food, drink, and song, and their love of home is surpassed only by their love of freedom. Halflings are most at home in the wilds, where they can indulge their love of nature and the good things of the world. They are also fond of a good practical joke, and they are not above using their inventions to play pranks on others.;0;2;0;0;0;0
Half-Orc;Half-orcs’ grayish pigmentation, sloping foreheads, jutting jaws, prominent teeth, and towering builds make their orcish heritage plain for all to see. Half-orcs are not as intelligent as humans, and they have trouble fitting in with other people. They are most comfortable living and fighting alongside other orcs, goblins, and other creatures of chaos.;2;0;1;0;0;0
Human;Humans are the most adaptable and ambitious people among the common races. They have widely varying tastes, morals, and customs in the many different lands where they have settled. When they settle, though, they stay: they build cities to last for the ages, and great kingdoms that can persist for long centuries. An individual human might have a relatively short life span, but a human nation or culture preserves traditions with origins far beyond the reach of any single human’s memory.;1;1;1;1;1;1
Tiefling;To be greeted with stares and whispers, to suffer violence and insult on the street, to see mistrust and fear in every eye: this is the lot of the tiefling. And to twist the knife, tieflings know that this is because a pact struck generations ago infused the essence of Asmodeus—overlord of the Nine Hells—into their bloodline. Their appearance and their nature are not their fault but the result of an ancient sin, for which they and their children and their children’s children will always be held accountable.;0;0;0;1;0;2